Fl_Gel_Tabs -- FLTK 'Gel Tab' Widget
------------------------------------

WHAT IS "Fl_Gel_Tabs"?

    Fl_Gel_Tabs is a 'tab' widget that is similar to the Mac OSX
    tabs widgets, and is aimed at becoming part of the FLTK's core,
    or fltk extensions library.

LICENSING

    Fl_Gel_Tabs comes with complete free source code. 
    Fl_Gel_Tabs is available under the terms of the GNU Library 
    General Public License. See COPYING for more info.

    Contrary to popular belief, it can be used in commercial
    software!

BUILD INSTRUCTIONS

    Tested under Linux, Mac OSX and Windows with fltk 1.1.6.

    The Makefiles use fltk-config now, so all platform-specific
    stuff should be handled automatically.

    For builds with the Microsoft compilers, you'll have to manage
    Makefile.MICROSOFT by hand; you'll need to edit the FLTKDIR=xxx
    and possibly other values, depending on your compiler and FLTK verison.

    To build the test programs and related Fl_Gel_Tabs object files:

	make

   These test programs are created:

       	geltabs-simple-example -- Simple example of how to use the Fl_Gel_Tabs widget
       	geltabs-test           -- A more complex 'real world scenario' with multiple instances
       	geltabs-test-value     -- Test the value() method via

WHERE'S THE DOCUMENTATION?

    See documentation/index.html.

FEATURES

    It looks nice.

RELEASE NOTES/VERSION INFORMATION
    
    See ./CHANGES.

LIMITATIONS

    The tabs are of fixed vertical size. This kinda follows 
    Mac's human interface standards (I think) to prevent people
    from getting too nutty. Think of it as divine in this limitation.

    You can't make tabs wider than the parent widget, or they'll clip.
    This is in keeping with the Mac OSX's tab widget default behavior.
    Basically, you should design your interface so that never happens.

    If you want a lot of tabs, do not use this widget.
    Tabs are not a good abstraction for handling large numbers of panels.
    Better to use a combo of a browser and a group/panel, similar to mail 
    readers. (Browser on the left, panel on the right)

BUGS?
    
    Send them to erco at seriss dot com
